you guys know I keep it real ously
honest about a lot of things that vegans
maybe do not like to be so honest about
and you know one of them is that I'm not
an expert about vegan health and
although I really appreciate the
contribution that people like vegan
gains make vegan gains recently did
another really really good video talking
about just cholesterol and heart disease
and cancer and health related issues
linked to veganism but I have absolutely
no false confidence about the adequacy
of my diet I just ate a meal that
consisted of almost nothing but green
vegetables in white rice and I can
honestly say if I wasn't taking a
vitamin pill I think it would be
nutritionally inadequate I think I would
be damaging my health so I'm wearing a
lot of layers today because it's cold in
here so this is an example I'm gonna
mention I feel cold as hell right now
and I asked other people at my school I
asked the teachers I'd want a large room
like is it cold in here and I'm not
asking to make small talk I'm I'm
actually worried look hick it feels cold
to me I actually don't know if my health
is falling apart because my ridiculous
they can buy it or if it's really cold
in here I'm gonna zip this up now even
though it looks weird like for real I
live with that kind of you know
uncertainty in my life um you know the
whole vegan diet it's a little bit of an
experiment the outcomes are a little bit
unknowable so there I may I may look
ridiculous but I'm cold I'm buttoning up
cuz I actually feel cold all right uh um
it's winter and could Ming um when I was
in Canada before I came to to Asia this
time I'll boost myself up in the seat a
bit camera angle here is not perfect you
know when I was in Canada in the couple
of months before coming to to China this
time I had a lot of things to be unhappy
about including just job applications
you know I applied for a whole bunch of
jobs I did a whole bunch of job
interviews some of them real jobs some
of them internships you know what I mean
so job being used in it you know
in a broad sense here a lot of things to
be stressed out about a lot of things to
be unhappy of oh and of course I still
have my divorce you know situation with
trying to visit my daughter etc so um I
felt like crap I felt like crap for a
couple of months then I switched brands
of multivitamin and I felt fantastic
it's so easy if you feel like garbage
it's so easy to attribute that to the
problems in your life like oh well I've
just been applying for these jobs I've
just been going through this stuff with
my lawyer and my divorce I have all
these reasons to be unhappy you know you
have things you can attribute it to but
I switched from one brand of
multivitamin to another and this brand
of multivitamins is a very very long
list it includes all the really obscure
vitamins like vitamin k2 it really it
gets it gets into the vitamins that you
know it some of them it should be
impossible
this has k-1 k-2 of course all the B
vitamins
of course b2 b3 b5 b6 b12 biotin copper
manganese lutein you know beta-carotene
of course this has selenium vanadium
chromium I have no idea what my diet was
deficient in during those couple of
months I have no idea but I felt like
crap and I attributed it to you know
applying for jobs and other stress money
you don't know and I mean it's so easy
to front it's so easy to say oh no
matter where you are you can have a 100%
wonderful adequate vegan diet you can
feel great and vibrant and healthy and
be happy I don't know that I'm being
honest with you I think if you live in
California you can have a 100% adequate
vibrant wonderful diet I think everyone
in the Greater Los Angeles area can have
a happy vibrant healthy you can diet I
used to live in Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan Canada
holy [ __ ] it's difficult to have a vegan
diet in Saskatchewan I talked to one
person in the internet who was living in
the Yukon here in the Yukon or Alaska I
think it's hard as hell I'm in Kunming
China right now it's a struggle eating
food is a struggle I just had a big
conflict with the director of the school
day by day getting enough food in my
life is a straw I don't know I think
without this vitamin pill I think I'd be
dead already
yeah so anyway look I mean you know I
don't know what what's the point of
keeping it real what's the point of
living a lie you know yeah exactly my
whole life is a lie so I've got live
comments ago--it what um I'm not gonna
front and you know uh I've mentioned
this before one of my supporters on
patreon sent me a really honest email so
I mean really honest message saying that
she followed the instructions on the
internet about feeding her dog a vegan
diet and she was totally confident that
her dog was gonna be happy and healthy
and vibrant all this crap on a vegan
diet and the dogs health was totally
destroyed its skeleton [ __ ] collapsed
dog has permanent skeletal damage the
vet was amazed the vet he said he'd
never seen anything like this in the
world and she followed the advice given
by pet People for the Ethical Treatment
emotes and other websites about how to
have a vegan dog guess what it's an
experiment we you know I mean the whole
realm of human health research involves
gray areas involved unknown untested
things in science I think when you get
into dog health research how much you
know how much you know horrid clinical
evidence do we have about dogs on a
vegan diet like these would be millions
of dollars of research that can't
possibly turn a profit who's you think
the Purina Purina Dog for cup you think
the US government is sitting down saying
look guys we need to make this a
research priority I doubt it
so you know it's really easy to display
a kind of false confidence about these
things
I'd much rather
err my own sense of honest uncertainty
you know I live with that uncertainty
every day I live with that difficulty I
live with that struggle and of course I
mean it's meaningful to feed your dog
vegan diet it's the right thing to do
it's meaningful for me as a human being
to live a vegan diet etc etc but the
fact that I can show you a website with
a professional athlete living in
California and say look at this
bodybuilder
he's on a vegan diet he's totally
healthy for one thing I don't know if
he's healthy I don't really know that
but I can look at a photograph of a
vegan bodybuilder but for another thing
I'm not living in California I'm not
that bodybuilder I'm not taking steroids
I'm not living his lifestyle currently
here in China I don't have access to two
protein powder and I wish I did you know
so I'm just keeping it real my lunch
today consisted of absolutely nothing
but white rice and green vegetable I
think if I wasn't taking this vitamin
pill I hyper
I have no pretensions that this is a a
healthy or adequate or complete diet but
I do not want to compromise I refuse to
eat bread that has powdered eggs in it I
refuse to eat you know milk products in
cookies or bread or anything else so you
know that's it man that's all I have to
say is the struggle is real